About Us

Uganda Nurse Career   Resourcing is a Nursing  Consultancy firm engaged in training  and recruitment of nurses allOver  the world for both local and international opportunities. It's based in Uganda and managed by a team of Overseas Nurses  whose  mission is to  offer support to Nurses relocating to Overseas  countries ,Supplying local  and international Nursing Schools with prospective  nursing students  allOver the world ; runs  nursing jobs centre for both local and international recruitment and is the main point of contact for all nursing related trainings both local and internationally. It does this   through entry English exams  like IELTS,TOEFL  and  PTE and also offer  training  in internationally recognised nursing exams like NMC CBT, Nursing Aptitude Test , NCLEX-RN and Nursing Council Exams in Uganda (NCEU).

 

 

 

 

We endeavour to be always on the side of nurses (the owners of our mission) through offering holistic support for them to achieve their dreams of working abroad leveraging on 15+ years of combined experience doing exactly this. The current recruitments are focused on major developed nations that includes USA, The UK, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Ireland. Other countries will be onboarded as from 2021 or even earlier since the unpredictability of the Covid-19 is straining human resources for health in different countries and therefore the dream of recruiting nurses to all developed nations may be achieved sooner than 2021.


Be part of the journey as we transform the nursing profession through Healthcare Recruitment, Training, Consultancy and Nursing Schools Admission locally in Uganda. and internationally. Let’s do this together. Reach out to us.





Our Vision
An institution trusted by nurses: availing and facilitating local and international opportunities for all restoring the dignity of the nursing profession through enhanced career choices, improved standards of living especially by putting ‘smiles’ on the nurses’ families and nurses retiring in a dignified manner

 

 

Walking and Working Together
Everyone at Uganda  Nurse Career Resourcing  is obliged to strive so that we achieve the business-wide objective of getting enough opportunities for our clients, mostly nurses. This calls for endless commitment, hard work and resilience from everyone.

Empathy
Our colleagues or Uganda Nurse Career Resourcing  affiliates endeavor to consider an individual’s problem with magnanimity. This is because individuals’ problems affect us either directly or indirectly and therefore, we seek to help them solve the problems as fast as possible within our means. We seek to take care of ours.

Nurse-Centrism
As Uganda Nurse Career Resourcing , our top priority is the nurse either working or a graduate aspiring to work. We ensure that all our decisions are pro-nurses be it pricing, training packages, location, tools and all our aspects of our work.

Listen and Act
We seek to listen more, and act. We shall be the last person in the room to speak and the first to listen. We listen to our colleagues, nurses and other stakeholders concerns and feedback in developing a win-win situation in most cases.

Togetherness in Growth
We are together in forging for personalized and organization wide growth. We always advocate for growth in all aspects of life and we shall celebrate each element of each other’s journey.

Happy, Laugh, Joke !
We practice these any time and every time. We endeavor to promote personal happiness which eventually has a ripple effect on everyone at Uganda Nurse Career Resourcing . We also take pride in small steps and celebrate meagre milestones for all our members and nurses



Contact Us

 +256784803706    +4479608861

Uganda Nurse Career Resourcing .com




 